ArSysOp RGM Source License
Version 1.0
March 2022

DEFINITIONS
For the purposes of this license following definitions must stand:
1. RGM must stand for Requirement Gathering and Markup Library developed by ArSysOp 
   in scope of Language-Oriented Frameworks and Tools project.
2. RGM Sources must stand for either resident or cloned or copied or gained otherwise
   source code, documentation, configuration files, 
   art work (images, styles, fonts, etc) and any other content of RGM source base 
   (this repository), partially or as a whole, 
   except for third-party license agreements available in 
   bundles/ru.arsysop.loft.rgm/licenses folder.
   
This license defines terms and restrictions for using RGM Sources. 
If you (as an individual or Legal Entity) are not agree, partially or entirely, 
with these terms and/or not intended to respect and follow, partially or entirely, 
these restrictions, you cannot use RGM Sources.

COPYRIGHT
RGM Sources, including this agreement, are property of ArSysOp. 

GRANTS
RGM Sources are publicly available only for informational, review, analysis 
and consulting purposes.
ArSysOp hereby grants you (as an individual or Legal Entity) the right to 
   (1) read and review RGM sources, 
   (2) run any sort of code, architecture, vulnerability analysis, including automatic,
   (3) publish results of such analysis with mandatory reference to this repository
   and ArSysOp (arsysop.ru).

RESTRICTIONS
You (as an individual or Legal Entity) 
   (1) may NOT modify, replenish or diminish RGM Sources,
   (2) may NOT include RGM Sources to any product or project,
   (3) may NOT produce binaries from or with RGM Sources.
   (4) may NOT translate RGM Sources to any other language.

DISCLAIMER
For the purposes stated above RGM Sources are provided on "as is" basis. 
ArSysOp takes no obligation to satisfy any request regarding RGM Sources, 
theirs availability, quality, security, safety or any other characteristic whatsoever.
ArSysOp is not responsible for any damages, losses, legal prosecution 
or other consequences of any sort that using RGM Sources can cause to you 
(as an individual or Legal Entity), even if aware of such consequences.
   